Winter Flowering Shrubs
1. Scarlet Firethorn
Winter Flowering Shrubs 
Botanical Name: Pyracantha coccinea


USDA Zones: 5-9

After flowering from late spring to mid-summer, it bears astonishing orange to scarlet edible berries in fall and winter. ‘Lalandei,’ ‘Mohave,’ and ‘Yukon Belle’ are some of the best varieties.

Look at the Best Flowering Houseplants here
2. Wintersweet

planther.n
Botanical Name: Chimonanthus praecox


USDA Zones: 7-9

The name justifies this shrub because of the sweet fragrance of the blooms that appears in the dormant winter season and early spring. It requires a full sun location that is sheltered against the wind.

3. Higan Cherry (Winter Flowering Cherry)
Winter Flowering Shrubs 2
powo.science.kew.org
Botanical Name: Prunus subhirtella


USDA Zones: 5-8

This small tree-like shrub can grow up to 20-30 feet tall. It blooms in fall, winter, or spring, depending on the climate. Flowers change from deep pink to pale pink with time.

Look at the Beautiful Shrubs and Bushes with Red Berries here
4. Arrowwood ‘Dawn’

shutterstock/Ole Schoener
Botanical Name: Viburnum x bodnantense

USDA Zones: 5-9

It is a deciduous shrub with uniquely shaped oval leaves. The clustered pink flowers are scented and long-lasting and appear in the winter and early spring.

5. Witch Hazel
Winter Flowering Shrubs 3
Botanical Name: Hamamelis virginiana

USDA Zones: 3-9

The yellow blooms of this plant spread an enticing fragrance in the surrounding in winters. Bizzare thin ribbons shape of the flowers also makes them stand out.

6. Clematis Jingle Bells

indfieldgardeningcompany.com
Botanical Name: Clematis cirrhosa var. purpurascens

USDA Zones: 6-9

The recurved white to yellow petals with freckled red of nodding flowers steal the show in winters. Also, they spread a mildly sweet scent, which is definitely a mood enhancer.

Find the Best Clematis Varieties here
7. Paperbush
Winter Flowering Shrubs 4
.plantesdehaies.fr
Botanical Name: Edgeworthia chrysantha

USDA Zones: 6-9

Cultivars:  Snow Cream, Gold Rush, and John Bryant

This shrub shows huge clusters of tubular flowers in late winter to spring end and sometimes early summer, which contrasts with the impressive skeleton of stems.

8. Winter Daphne

pintrest
Botanical Name: Daphne odora

USDA Zones: 7-9

The late-appearing blooms in late winter and spring spread an intoxicating fragrance in the air. Small tubular-shaped clustered flowers adorn the simple dark green foliage.

9. Sweet Box
Winter Flowering Shrubs 5
pipsmith.design
Botanical Name: Sarcococca confusa 

USDA Zones: 6-10

If the glossy evergreen foliage is not enough, there are sweet honey-scented flowers that appear in winter and make this plant nostalgic. It is also resistant to deer and rabbits.

